feat: Account Abstraction beta (#9586)
iotaledger/iota: examples/move/account/README.md

# Account

## Install iota binary with AA feature

> (only needed until AA is stable or replace commands to use `./target/debug/iota` instead)

Reviewer: Weird sentence but as we won't keep you can also keep it like this if you want 😆 

```suggestion
(only needed until AA is stable Alternatively, you can build the iota binary and use the one in  `./target/debug/iota` instead)
```

Or maybe I am misunderstanding the sentence

Author: Updated
